accupresure point 
http://aaaokay.blogspot.com/2007/02/acupressure-point-for-impotence.html
It can be of even greater value if the person afflicted remains calm and his partner uses restraint in criticizing or showing contempt even by facial expressions. Fig. 54 is a key point. Pressure against it with rotary massage can be used by either partner.

Back point 2 fig. 55 , knee point 3 fig 56 , knee point 6 fig 57, ankle-foot point6 fig. 58 and abdomen point 4 fig. 59 are all useful points and should all be tried. Those points that are bilateral should be used bilaterally. Pressure and massage can both be used. Apply strong pressure except where a point may be particularly sensitive.

One must not give up easily in this Endeavour, and if initially there is lack of success, a rest period in order with relaxing, light conversation and no recriminations is always beneficial. Then one should make try at another points.

The most effort and time should be directed at the points illustrated in figures 54, 55 and 59, but the other be tried too.





Fig. 54
Penis Point
Trigger point
Located in the mid point of the base of the penis at its junction with the scrotum.




Fig. 55
Back point
Bladder 23
Located between second and third lumber vertebrae, just behind the navel on each side of the spinal column, each point lying about two fingerbreadth to the side of the middle of the spinal column. Points are located at the same level as the bottom of the rib cage. See also fig. 8




Fig. 56
Knee Point 3
Liver 8
Located by bending the knee and finding the crease formed on the medial or inner aspect. The point is at the end of the crease. See also fig. 29


Ten or even fifteen minutes should be devoted to the acupuncture sites. At that point an attempt at the conventional type of love play or stimulation should be made. It must be kept in mind that pressure acupuncture is the proper balance in the nervous system so that an erection can take place.



Fig. 57
Knee point 6
Spleen 10
Located at a level three fingerbreadth above the level of the upper border of the knee cap where an imaginary line traveling vertically up the middle of the thigh crosses that level. See also fig. 32 and 50.


Pressure on these indicated points is not itself a form of sex. It is used so that the conventional forms of sex which are not working at the time will start to work. Therefore, if the acupressure does not in itself produce an erection it is not necessarily designed to do that.




Fig. 58
Ankle-foot point 6
Spleen 6
Located four fingerbreadth above the medial malleolus or the inner rounded ankle bone at the middle of the inside aspect of the leg. See also figs. 39,72 and 81


Acupressure is designed to enable the person to obtain an erection when those things that formerly produced an erection are again induced. One must not give up easily and get discouraged. Especially, one must have a positive attitude towards solving the problem.




Fig. 59
Abdomen point 4
Conception vessel 4
Located in the middle of the abdomen, one and half inches below the navel or four fingerbreadth below the umbilicus. See also fig. 80





Spleen 6 and Stomach 36 together tone the digestive tract and strengthen overall well-being




Liver 3 relaxes the nervous system and brings energy down from the head





Kidney 3 increases circulation to the urinary tract and reproductive organs.






Gallbladder 20 helps to bring down energy from the head and keep it circulating throughout the body.

