pelvic floor 

penis point

DIY rice sock
https://thefrugalgirls.com/2016/01/diy-rice-sock.html




WhiteMandingo's Ligament Blasters (WMLB's)

I founded this exercise upon performing lazy ass stretches / behind the cheek stretches which involves you stretching your flaccid penis fully and sitting on it under your ass or under your leg on a chair whilst you go about your usual activities such as browsing the internet.. I thought one day.. "Hey, this could be a great manual stretch if altered somewhat!" so I tinkered about and I devised WhiteMandingo's Ligament Blasters!

What to expect: This is primarily a length exercise and will target your ligaments, in particular your suspensory ligament should feel somewhat intensely stretched. However, if you're one of those lucky PE'ers with a workable tunica then you may also experience some modest tunica length gains in conjunction with your length gains from your suspensory ligaments. I imagine that girth gains will be minimal if any, but, with a little practice, this exercise can be combined with bundling to add girth gains and further intensify the stretch.

Okay, so let's get to it, the method!
So the first step is to imagine you are proposing to someone, get down on one knee whilst your other leg is bent with your knee in the air and your foot flat on the floor. If you're kneeling on your left knee then bring your arm underneath your right leg and grip below the glans with an overhand OK grip (palm facing down towards the floor). Move your goodies out of the way to the left to avoid them getting in the way and then proceed to stretch your penis backwards toward your anus. At this point keep the stretch held and now move your right leg so that you're kneeling on both knees and your knees are together. Now lean forwards and have your head touch the floor or nearly touch the floor (all still whilst holding the stretch). Now pull your penis upwards towards the ceiling as hard as you possibly can for 30 seconds or longer if possible. It is better to pull very hard for twenty seconds than lightly for two minutes. Switch around and do the same to avoid stretching one chamber on one side of your penis more than the other. I suggest doing this at least 3 times on each side.

I would not suggest bundling unless you have conditioned your penis through PE for around 3 months.

I really wish I could do a video to show you guys as I understand that it isn't exactly the easiest task to figure out what I'm actually talking about. But rest assured, when you do it correctly you will know as it will be a very intense stretch and will literally feel like you're about to rip your inner penis out through your anus! If you have any questions regarding the method or anything else for that matter, please ask!

Also please post feedback as to what you think of this stretch if you have managed to perform it successfully!



resource

https://www.health24.com/Medical/Erectile-dysfunction/News/how-your-age-affects-the-angle-of-your-erection-20170905
