I wrote this routine back in 2004 after much research, trial and error and a few injuries. But these exercises and the supplements I recommend are still the way to go to increase length, girth, overall health and well being. Many men have reported great success with this routine. I will still go back and do this routine when I have taken an extended break from PE to recondition.
After this program, your penis will be well conditioned and ready for more advanced exercises.


This routine is designed to start you on your way to a longer and thicker penis. This will help you prevent injury, while teaching you the basics of penis exercises. This routine DOES work. These are the exercises I started with, on my way to gaining 2 1/4" in length and 1 1/2" in girth in just over 16 months of doing PE.. I still do these exercises as I have found them to be a great routine.

DO NOT go at these exercises with any force.
DO NOT Jelq at 100% erection level.
This is a long process and you should realize that doing the exercises correctly, following this routine will take months even years to see substantial growth to your penis.

I have now been doing PE for over 9 years. My penis is as healthy now as it was when I was 25. Listen to your body.



Determining LOT (Loss of Tug)





LOT (Loss of Tug). This theory was first posted by Bib.



This is now considered obsolete. Exercises should be done in all directions.

I'm leaving this for it's curosity value, as this was the hot theory
back at the very beginning of PE. I believe in the late 90's.

This is a very important factor in the way you exercise.

Grasp your flaccid penis under the glans in the O.K. grip. (Palm down)
Stretch straight up (This is 12:00) Do a Kegel. Do you feel it tug back?

(No need to pull too hard, as this can be very noticeable or can be very subtle.)

Stretch straight out (9:00) do a Kegel. Do you feel it tug back?

Stretch straight down (6:00) do a Kegel. Do you feel it tug back?

When you DON'T feel it TUG BACK, this is your Loss of Tug or LOT.

If your LOT is 6:00, you will need to do your exercises straight out and straight up.

If your LOT is 9:00 or higher, you will do exercises straight out and straight down.

You always want to exercise AGAINST the TUG

Most men find that they have low LOT. Mine is at 6:00. This means that the gains come harder and require more dedication and work to see the gains.

Men with high LOT, are very lucky. Their gains come easier and can utilize weight hanging. But don't be discouraged, the Gains will come if you are dedicated and stay on the program I have outlined below.
These are exercises to help you gain, regardless of LOT



Warming UP

Warming UP.

This is one of the most important things you do to prevent injury:

With a HOT wash cloth, warm your entire groin area for a period of 8 to 10 minutes. Re-heat washcloth every minute or so to keep it hot. This is recommended, as moist heat penatrates better.

You may also use a heated Rice Sock.

Making sure your penis is wrapped and throughly heated.
You want to feel your penis radiating heat when you are through. You want to warm all the LIG's even the ones under your penis and the sides of your groin area.


Basic Stretching Exercises


WARNING-Despite what you might read, the act kegeling while stretching (kegeled stretching) is extremely dangerous. It puts unnecessary stress on the BC and IC muscles and over time, doing this can cause a strain/pull. A pull/strain to these muscles can result in a tense pelvic floor in response to the injury, and the tension can be so extreme that the muscles put pressure on the pudental nerve (pudental nerve entrapment) causing extreme pain and even permanent damage to the nerve. Perform at you own risk.
-HANS
Grasp your warmed up FLACCID, (Try and stay as flaccid as you can for these stretching exercises, less than 30% erection is ideal) penis between the thumb and first finger at the base. Palm toward belly. Stretch out slightly and do what are called "Helicopter Shakes." Using your wrist, swing your penis around in a circle, about 5 revs per second for a quick count of 20. (kind of like twirling a key chain)

Grasp your penis behind the glans in the O.K. grip palm down and stretch to the left holding the stretch against the theigh.
While holding this stretch, do 25 quick Kegels. (count to 25)
Next, while still holding the stretch, pull straight out and do 10 stretches in a BIG circle to the left and 10 to the right holding the pull.
Try to rub your hand across your belly as you do these.

Return to the base and repeat "Helicopter Shakes". It will be easier to do now, as your flaccid length will be longer. This will get the blood back into the glans.

Stretch to the right and do 25 quick Kegels. Pull straight out and do 10 BIG circles to the left and ten circles to the right.

Repeat "Helicopter Shakes."

Stretch straight out, do Kegels, repeat circle stretches.

Repeat "Helicopter Shakes."

Stretch straight up do Kegels and repeat circle stretches.

Finish with "Helicopter Shakes."

These are the basic stretching exercises to do, as a prelude to the next step, Wet Jelqing.

WET Jelqing

WET JELQING:

No need to re-warm, as your Ligs will be nice and loose now.

Using a good lube. (I use a water based lube by the brand name of Suave, with Vit E and Lanolin, found in any drug store. It's cheap, smells good leaves your skin nice and easy clean up.

A couple of squirts of lube in each hand. (Re-lube often when it starts to feel dry) Hint...get a little water on your hands during Jelqing, this re-activates the lube already on the hands and shaft.
Grasp your penis at the base firmly, in the O.K. grip, palms facing down.

Slide, holding the grip, up to the glans. While holding the grip at the glans, start your other hand at the base. when half way up the shaft, release the grip at the glans and continue the slide up, trapping the blood at the glans and upper shaft.
Repeat these "Wet Jelqs" for a count of 50 reps. If you become erected, stop and wait for it to subside some. You want to be about 60% to 70% erected for these. Do these slowly. About 3 or 4 seconds per rep. Both hands count as 1 rep. As you become more used to these exercises, it won't feel as much like masturbation and you will not get erected as easily. Do these exercises straight out.


-------"V" JELQS
Next, do what are called "V" Jelqs. These are done by useing the V between your middle and next finger. Cup your hand and slide up the shaft with your fingers curled toward your belly and the underside of your shaft resting in the "V". The fingers should be rideing on the sides of your shaft. Make sure you use lots of lube as you want to slide smoothly for these exercises. When you reach the glans, start your other hand up. These are a great exercise for Head Girth, Overall Girth and Stretching.

As you are sliding up the shaft, pull straight up. Alternate by pulling up and to the right, up and to the left. Do 30 of these reps.

Repeat with 50 "Wet Jelqs" and 30 "V" Jelqs.

Do a total of 150 "Wet Jelqs" and 90 "V" Jelqs.



Warming Down

Warm Down;

This is VERY important. This will prevent trama injury to your penis.

Do the same as warming up, HOT wash cloth. Warm down for a minimum of 5 to 6 minutes. Do these exercises to start, for 5 days and then, Important, take 2 full days off from PE. This will give your penis a chance to heal and grow, but continue to do your Kegels whenever you think about them. .
If you find this is too much, reduce the exercises to, 2 days on and 1 day off.

As you start to see results, usually girth and flacid length, first, the temptation to go overboard will be great. But, and I stress this, Don't try and jump into some of the advanced routines posted here in this, or other forums. These exercises are designed to start you on your way to a Longer and thicker penis and to PREVENT injury.

As you progress, and master these exercises, usually about a 3 month time period to see length gains, but you will see flacid and some girth gains as early as 3 weeks. Remember,all of your gains are permanent. Good luck to all, in your quest for a larger penis.



Supplements

These Supplements are all you will need.

Stay away from Penis Enlargement Pills. These are a waste of money.

Take these every day for the duration of this program. Then decide if you want to continue with these supplements.*

1 Super B complex. (Most B vitamin B's are absent in processed food.)


1 Multi Vitamin & Minerals. (These are to boost your overall health during the exercise period.)

2 500mg L-Arginine capsule. (Or powdered L-Arginine, follow directions. This is for good blood circulation.)


Pelvic floor balance (April 2013 amendment)


[QUOTE]
WARNING-Despite what you might read, the act kegeling while stretching (kegeled stretching) is extremely dangerous. It puts unnecessary stress on the BC and IC muscles and over time, doing this can cause a strain/pull. A pull/strain to these muscles can result in a tense pelvic floor in response to the injury, and the tension can be so extreme that the muscles put pressure on the pudental nerve (pudental nerve entrapment) causing extreme pain and even permanent damage to the nerve. Perform at you own risk.
-HANS
Pelvic floor balance is of paramount importance, it affects both erection quality and ejaculatory control. In order to avoid creating an imbalanced, or tense, pelvic floor you will need to do reverse kegels in addition to the kegels that are performed during the stretching part of the routine. I have posted two links below which explain the importance and mechanics of pelvic floor balance, and also how to do reverse kegels. Since we are hoping to maintain balance, you should try to do an equal amount of kegels and reverse kegels.

https://www.pegym.com/forums/prematu...r-balance.html

https://www.pegym.com/forums/prematu...se-kegels.html

It is also worth noting that the premature ejaculation forum is incredibly useful for all men, not just those with premature ejaculation. If the subjects of pelvic floor balance, or greater ejaculatory control interest you I would recommend reading the stickies in this subsection.

(jP


For Pictures and Videos:


