Start talking about making a 9" penis and everyone is cool about it, and talk about exercises to reach a goal of over 6 1/2" girth and that's fine also. Talk about your nut sack and many here scratch their heads and say why would you? I am not after a set of monster balls hanging down around my kneecap, I am talking about those of us here who have or had testicles that seemed to always be turtled, and also some here who felt their testes themselves were too small. So I started experimenting with testicle jelqing, and it has worked for me. No my wife doesn't gag on these bad boys, but at least now my nut sack hangs loose and free, and as a side benefit, one I wasn't even looking for, my nuts themselves are larger. I started a thread a while back when I first started this, but I don't think I was too clear on just what I did, so that is the purpose of this new thread.

Your testes are suspended inside of your scrotum by the spermatic cord, and it in turn is covered with a muscle called the cremasteric muscle (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Testicle). This muscle is a skeletal muscle, just like your biceps and triceps (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cremasteric_muscle). It is these cremasteric muscles that will cause your scrotum to turtle when it is cold outside, or you are engaging in vigorous activity. Thus their responsibility is to regulate the temperature your testes are subject to, and to protect those same testes if your body senses danger to them. There are also many arteries and other blood veins within the scrotum.

My purpose for jelqing is to lengthen that spermatic cord, and to increase blood flow within the scrotum through improved vein support. Many people here promote testicle massage for the purpose of increasing blood flow, but the one thing lacking is that it will not lengthen the spermatic cord. Through jelqing I believe I am effectively killing two birds with one stone. The jelqing motion will increase the size and number of veins contained within my scrotum (just like jelqing your penis does), and I am pushing my spermatic cord past the point it would normally go. My goal then is to permanently increased the cords length, dropping my testes a little lower in the scrotum because of it. Since the cremasteric muscle is skeletal, my goal with jelqing is to strengthen it as well.

Word of caution: just like you don't jelq over your glans, do not jelq over your nuts. Jelq up to but not over them - period.

I do three sets of upward and downward jelqs, and each uses a different technique. I do these probably three times a week, and I doubt it takes much over 10 minutes to do them all. I have done these with my sack hanging free, and I have also done them when my sack was partially turtled. I have never injured myself or felt any discomfort, so I feel confident in saying if done correctly, these are safe to do.

Upward jelq:
1) Lubricate your sack and unit. Since I don't do these for a long time, I often use plain soap and water as my lubricant. When I finish I simply apply a little hand cream to the area.
2) Using a modified overhand ok grip, place your thumb on top of your shaft near the base, and lifting your scrotum up, place your middle finger across the pc muscle between your anus and the base of your sack.
3) The thumb is only used to keep your penis in place and doesn't move much at all.
4) While applying a good pressure with your middle finger, slowly jelq upwards until your finger has pushed your testes to the bottom of your sack. At this point your nuts will be pushed against the bottom of your sack and they will look very full. Looking down at them at this point your nuts would be looking back up at you!! I use my other hand while jelqing to help keep my nuts from expanding side to side too much. When you try it you will see what I mean. Mentally visualize that you are trying to push your nuts through your penis (that is why you use your thumb to keep your unit in place), and that you are also trying to push your nuts up even with the tip of your penis. When you are finished your nuts and the tip of your penis are pointing straight up toward your navel.
5) Keeping your middle finger in place, use the middle finger of your opposite hand to begin your second jelqing motion.
6) When your second jelq reaches your first middle finger, release your first grip and repeat steps 2-5 again.

Downward jelq:
1) Repeat steps 1-2 above.
2) This time you are going to jelq in a downward motion, and your thumb plays a much bigger part here.
3) In the upward jelq your thumb just sort of sat in one place, but now it rides down your shaft in sync with your middle finger.
4) The visualization here is that now I am trying to push my penis through my nut sack as I jelq downwards, while still pushing up with my middle finger. And again, I am trying to push my nuts even with the tip of my penis.
5) I again use my other hand to keep my sack from pushing out side to side too much. When finished, the tip of your penis and your nuts are pointed toward the ground.
6) After I reach the end of the sack and my testes are firmly being held in place, I bring my second hand into play and repeat the above steps. Release the first grip when your second grip reaches it.
